Add information for hotfixes option (#7206)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/capabilities/system-inventory/configuration.rst

- ``<network>`` enables or disables the network scan. The default value is ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``.
- ``<packages>`` enables or disables the scanning of packages with a default value of ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``.
- ``<ports all="no">`` enables or disables the port scan. The default value is ``yes``. You can configure two allowed values of ``yes`` and ``no``. This option also accepts an additional parameter ``all``, with which you can restrict the scan to only listening ports using ``<ports all="no">``. If you want Syscollector to scan all ports, then you change the value to ``yes``.
- ``<processes>`` enables or disables the scanning for running processes on a monitored endpoint. The default value is ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``.

> - ``<hotfixes>`` enables or disables the scanning of hotfixes for Windows systems. The default value is ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``. This option is ignored for systems other than Windows.

Reviewer: An alternative would be moving it out of the list into a new paragraph or note specific for Windows systems.

> - ``<hotfixes>`` enables or disables the scanning of hotfixes for Windows systems. The default value is ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``. This option is ignored for systems other than Windows.

Author: I moved the description using the same explanation used in the reference section. 

When I mentioned the option as hidden I meant that there's no visible in the default configuration block, but the option exists and has its effects.

> - ``<hotfixes>`` enables or disables the scanning of hotfixes for Windows systems. The default value is ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``. This option is ignored for systems other than Windows.

Author: As we discussed I removed the note and a reference link was added. Please take a look now.

> - ``<hotfixes>`` option hidden by default, enables or disables the scanning of hotfixes for Windows systems only. The default value is ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``. This option is ignored for other systems.

Reviewer 2: I think the first part is a bit confusing

```suggestion
- ``<hotfixes>`` enables or disables the scanning of hotfixes for Windows systems only. The default value is ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``. This option is ignored for other systems.
```

The "for windows systems only" part implies that for other systems this applies

```suggestion
- ``<hotfixes>`` option hidden by default, enables or disables the scanning of hotfixes for Windows systems. The default value is ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``. This option is ignored for other systems.
```

Full suggestions
```suggestion
- ``<hotfixes>`` enables or disables the scanning of hotfixes for Windows systems. The default value is ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``. This option is ignored for other systems.
```

- ``<network>`` enables or disables the network scan. The default value is ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``.
- ``<packages>`` enables or disables the scanning of packages with a default value of ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``.
- ``<ports all="no">`` enables or disables the port scan. The default value is ``yes``. You can configure two allowed values of ``yes`` and ``no``. This option also accepts an additional parameter ``all``, with which you can restrict the scan to only listening ports using ``<ports all="no">``. If you want Syscollector to scan all ports, then you change the value to ``yes``.
- ``<processes>`` enables or disables the scanning for running processes on a monitored endpoint. The default value is ``yes``. The allowed values are ``yes`` and ``no``.
- ``<max_eps>`` allows you to set the maximum event reporting throughput. The default value is 10, which signifies 10 events per second. The allowed value is an Integer number between 0 and 1000000.

> For Windows systems there is also a :ref:`wodle_syscollector_hotfixes` option available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Windows systems, you can use the ``<hotfixes>`` option. Check :ref:`wodle_syscollector_hotfixes` for the details.
```
